Add details about the new dropped events alarm [PAB-4618] (#2553)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/streaming-analytics/troubleshooting-bundle/alarms.md

However, as long as the parent tenant is not subscribed, the microservice functionality will not work on the subtenant.

This alarm is cleared once the parent tenant is subscribed.

#### Analytics Builder dropped events {#analytics-builder-dropped-events}

> This alarm is raised when an Analytics Builder model drops an event because of it being delayed beyond the reorder buffer duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This alarm is raised when an Analytics Builder model drops an event because it is delayed beyond the reorder buffer duration.
```

- Alarm type: `analyticsbuilder_dropped_events`

> - Alarm text: Analytics Builder dropped &lt;number&gt; events due to they being delayed beyond the reorder buffer duration. The last dropped event was received at &lt;system time&gt; (&lt;number&gt; seconds old): '&lt;last dropped event string&gt;'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alarm text: Analytics Builder dropped &lt;number&gt; events because they were delayed beyond the reorder buffer duration. The last dropped event was received at &lt;system time&gt; (&lt;number&gt; seconds old): '&lt;last dropped event string&gt;'.
```

- Alarm severity: WARNING

> Analytics Builder models use buffers to reorder incoming events by their source timestamp and process them in order. By default, input blocks reorder events delayed up to 1 second. If an event is received after a delay of more than the reorder buffer duration, the event may be dropped without any processing. See [Input blocks and event timing](/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder/#input-blocks-and-event-timing) for detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analytics Builder models use buffers to reorder incoming events by their source timestamp and process them in order. By default, input blocks reorder events with a delay of up to 1 second. If an event is received after a delay of more than the reorder buffer duration, the event may be dropped without processing. See [Input blocks and event timing](/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder/#input-blocks-and-event-timing) for detailed information.
```

> To resolve the issue, you can either disable the reordering of input events or increase the duration of reorder buffer. The reordering on input events can be disabled by enabling the Ignore Timestamp parameter of input blocks. When the Ignore Timestamp parameter is enabled, the input events are processed as soon as possible without any reordering. The duration of the reorder buffer can be increased by changing the `timedelay_secs` tenant option in the `analytics.builder` category. For more information on `timedelay_secs`, see [Keys for model timeouts](/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder/#keys-for-model-timeouts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve the issue, you can either disable the reordering of input events or increase the duration of the reorder buffer. You can disable the reordering of input events by enabling the **Ignore Timestamp** parameter of the input blocks. When the **Ignore Timestamp** parameter is enabled, the input events are processed as soon as possible without reordering. You can increase the duration of the reorder buffer by changing the `timedelay_secs` tenant option in the `analytics.builder` category. For more information on `timedelay_secs`, see [Keys for model timeouts](/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder/#keys-for-model-timeouts).
```
